NH 2nd Tic Tac Toe Pseudocode
Import random first

While True so that it will run while the code is working and is legit.
    Now make a three by three board with numbers 1-9 in it using a list and \n.
    Show the board
    Then ask user what number they would like to make X. Then replace said number for X.
    Show the board
    Make computer choose a random number using the numbers left and whatever number it chooses change that to O.
    Show the board
    Then ask user what number they want for their second X and replace that number for X.
    Show the board
    Then make computer choose a random number using the numbers left and whatever number it chooses change that to O.
    Show the board
    Then ask user what number they want for their third X and replace that number for X.
    Show the board
    Then make computer choose a random number using the numbers left and whatever number it chooses change that to O.
    Show the board.
    Then ask the user what number they want for their fourth X and replace that number for X.
    Then make computer choose a random number using the numbers left and whatever number it chooses change that to O.
    Then ask the user what number they want for their fifth X and replace that number for X.
    Then make computer use the last number and change that to O.
    By now the board should be full so have the computer check for three X's or O's in a row
break the code after 9 turns because the board is full.

if 1,2,3 are all X's or all O's:
    then show that either X or O won depending on whether or not 1,2,3 is full of X's or O's.

    otherwise 4,5,6 are all X's or all O's:
        then show that either X or O won depending on whether or not 4,5,6 is full of X's or O's.

    otherwise 7,8,9 are all X's or all O's:
        then show that either X or O won depending on whether or not 7,8,9 is full of X's or O's.

    otherwise 1,5,9 are all X's or all O's:
        then show that either X or O won depending on whether or not 1,5,9 is full of X's or O's.

    otherwise 2,5,8 are all X's or all O's:
        Then show that either X or O won depending on whether or not 2,5,8 is full of X's or O's.

    otherwise 3,5,7 are all X's or all O's:
        Then show that either X or O won depending on whether or not 3,5,7 is full of X's or O's.

    otherwise 1,4,7 are all X's or all O's:
        Then show that either X or O won depending on whether or not 1,4,7 is full of X's or O's.

    otherwise 3,6,9 are all X's or all O's:
        Then show that either X or O won depending on whether or not 3,6,9 is full of X's or O's.
    
else:
    show that it's a cats game and no one won. Tie!

if user did not input a number that's either not on the board or already covered, show you need to use a number from 1-9 that isn't already used.